More search (#363)
marhkb/telegrand: README.md

## Acknowledgment

The general code architecture was heavily inspired by [Fractal](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/fractal).

> Also, some logic is inspired by [Telegram X](https://github.com/TGX-Android/Telegram-X), which is helping understanding how to use some TDLib features correctly and to their fullest potential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, some logic is inspired by [Telegram X](https://github.com/TGX-Android/Telegram-X), which helps to understand how to use some TDLib features correctly and to their fullest potential.
```
